♪
(growling)
Let's see if any
Duelists are inside.
♪
Anyone home?
(door opens)
Wow, it's Halloween already?
We ask the
questions around here.
The Supreme King has sent us
to round up Duelists
of the rebel army.
Seen any?
Duelists?
I'm afraid I haven't.
There's no one
like that in here.
You sure?
Because all liars get sent away
straight to the stars.
I'm not lying, I promise you.
You can look around
if you'd like to.
Okay then.
I'll check the house to see
if you're on the level or not.
You better not be lying.
Stand aside, I'm coming through.
This is an awfully big place
to be living in all alone.
Who said I was alone?
Who's here?
Take me to them
or I'll make you one
with the stars right now.
Easy does it.
He's, uh, in the
room just over here.
I'll take you over
to him right away.
He better not be a Duelist.
Oh, he's perfectly harmless.
See for yourself.
Step right this way.
(laughing)
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the schoolyard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never workin' too hard ♪
♪ Well, back at class
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things ya gotta learn ♪
♪ Hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times ♪
♪ Hard climbs ♪
♪ We'll take 'em on together ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ♪
♪ Generation Next ♪
♪ Game on ♪
♪ Get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, you better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Game on ♪
♪ Get your game on ♪
♪ We'll make the grade
and win this fight ♪
♪
♪ We'll make the grade somehow ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ♪
♪ Game on ♪
♪ Get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, you better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Come on and get
your game on ♪
♪
Okay, he's in here.
He better not be a Duelist
or you're both in trouble.
(door creaks closed)
Huh?
Hey.
You locked me out.
No, I locked you in.
♪
Hold on.
Who are you?
Show yourself now
or I'll send you to the stars.
♪
I'm afraid the only person
going anywhere is you.
I hope you like to travel
'cause I'm sending you
on a permanent vacation.
Hey boss, where are you?
♪
Come on!
We must report back.
I'm afraid he's quite indisposed
at the moment.
He asked for you
to wait over here
till he finishes
looking around.
(growl)
Ah!
Human, what was that noise?
That was your boss,
and if you'd like to know
what it is that's
happening to him...
I can show you
up close and personal.
♪
(roaring)
Ah!
And there's more.
Now come forth,
Cyber End Dragon!
♪
(panting)
Please don't send
me to the stars.
I'll do anything.
Then answer this.
Does the Supreme King
duel with Elemental HEROES?
Uh, I think he does.
You think or you know?
Uh, I'm not sure.
I saw his deck once.
And what did you see in it?
♪
Once, as I was handing
the king his Duel Disk,
a card fell to the floor.
It was an Elemental HERO,
but it was covered in darkness.
♪
You are certain about this?
It's--it's the truth!
♪
(growling)
Where were we?
Ah, yes, what's
the king planning?
He, uh, plans to
attack the fortress,
the fortress where the
remaining humans have fled
and organized a
rebel army of Duelists.
And once he
overtakes that fortress,
there will be no one
left to oppose his power.
Anyone not sent to the stars
will be taken to a prison
where Duelists are forced
to become loyal
servants to the king.
The prison camp.
Where is it located?
Oh!
It's to the west.
You can't miss it.
I told you all I know.
Have mercy.
-Just let me go.
Of course, but first I need
to finish what I started and...
...turn you into stardust.
♪
(frightened grunting)
(screaming)
♪
Aster.
What did you find out?
I'm afraid our worst fears
have been proven true.
Our friend Jaden
and the Supreme King
are one and the same.
But that's not all.
One human city is all
that stands in the way
of the Supreme King
ruling this world.
He's too strong to fight alone.
♪
We need allies
that will fight along our side.
The goblin mentioned a camp.
Perhaps we could
find some allies there.
♪
I hope this doesn't
lead to a dead end.
♪
Axel,
I'm coming for you!
♪
You can run as fast as you want,
but you'll never get away.
(panting)
Ah!
Where do you think you're
going to scamper to now?
There's nowhere to go
but down!
(screaming)
♪
Ah!
(panting)
♪
Oh, man.
Ever since Jim disappeared,
my dreams keep
getting worse and worse.
Stay strong, mate.
It's over for me,
but not for you.
Whatever you do,
you've gotta find a way
to save Jaden
or he'll...
♪
Ah...
The Eye.
♪
I'm not worthy to possess
the Eye of Orichalcum,
especially after I just
ran away like a coward.
♪
I'm sorry, Jim, but I
can't do this on my own.
My days of dueling are over.
♪
(sighs)
Another Duel Disk.
Ah, someone's coming!
Hm?
♪
(panting)
Huh?
What are you running from?
♪
(shouting)
I think they're gone.
♪
Thank you, stranger.
You're our hero.
(gasps)
I'm in love!
Syrus,
aren't they just the
cutest things ever?
Uh huh.
But there's no time for romance.
Aw.
Are you a Duelist?
Rumors are spreading of warriors
who fight the Supreme King.
Warriors?
That's us!
In fact, we're heroes,
the bravest, the--ah!
The truth is that I am...
uh, more of an observer
at the moment.
I'm really just looking
to find a friend I lost.
He's out there somewhere,
and I'm just trying
to get him back safely.
Sorry if we misled you.
You're sorry?
You are a hero,
you saved me.
And us, too.
Listen,
you want heroes?
I know where you might find one.
(grunting)
Huh?
♪
(shouting)
There he is.
Our hero.
Hero?
We were told you could
defeat the Supreme King.
Wrong fella.
But the small boy
in the hooded cloak
told us you could.
He said that you are brave,
and that you would help us.
But if not,
then all of us will
be sent to the stars
by the Supreme King's army.
Please help us.
Help you?
Help you do what?
Because I couldn't
even help my best friend
when he needed me.
(sobs)
Oh.
♪
Leave me alone.
(growling)
♪
Come out, come out,
wherever you are!
If you truly want to hide,
then I guess I'll play seek.
(laughing)
Ready or not, Maiden,
here we come.
Huh?
♪
(grunts)
They didn't find me.
But that Maiden
might not be so lucky.
♪
Axel, it's time to be a hero.
(panting)
(screaming)
(barking)
Ah!
Oh!
♪
(whistle)
The hero, he came back.
(growling)
♪
Easy does it.
Use this!
Huh?
♪
My Duel Disk!
The boy in the hooded
cloak gave it to me.
If I know my friend Axel,
he'll come back for you,
and when he does,
he'll need this.
He said you
wouldn't let us down.
♪
(grunting)
Chew on this.
♪
(growling)
(yelps)
♪
Huh?
My Volcanic Deck's useless.
It's only fanning the flames.
I think...
that he needs...
water.
Agreed.
From the watery
depths of the oceans,
I call upon the seven seas
to douse these foxes of fire.
Extinguish their blaze.
♪
Water?
Axel!
The time is now.
Attack.
Hm.
Go Anchor Bind!
♪
Take that!
(exhales)
You okay?
You saved us.
You're our hero.
I knew you'd come back to us.
Stop it.
I'm not what you think I am.
Don't you see?
I'm a coward.
I'm everything a hero isn't.
(sad sigh)
I ran from the Supreme King.
I was scared.
I mean, I'm a soldier.
I can take on
any man or monster,
but the darkness in his eyes,
I've never seen
anything like it before.
You can't escape them.
♪
They're evil.
There used to be good in
him but it's fading now.
See, the darkness
has me shaking.
It filled me with so much fear
that I couldn't
fight for my friend.
I just turned and ran.
I was just so weak with fear.
♪
Being afraid isn't
a sign of weakness.
You see, it's the path you take
when you are afraid
that will define you,
and you chose to save us.
Now that's courage.
You could have just walked away
and never come back,
but instead you fought
the darkness and the fear.
I didn't.
I just ran away.
What I'm saying is
that you have already
beaten the darkness, Axel.
Yeah, right.
You weren't with us.
He can't be defeated.
♪
Ah!
Go away.
♪
Very well.
(sad sigh)
I hope you find the hero
inside you.
I know it's there.
♪
Axel?
Ah!
Syrus, you were the
boy with the cloak.
You shouldn't have given
that girl my Duel Disk.
Maybe I shouldn't
have given it to her,
but I did it because
I believe in you, Axel.
If it's true that your
dueling days are over,
so be it,
but when I look into your face
I can still see
the Duelist in you
plain as day.
Ah...
♪
The prison camp's not far.
Look at all the Duel Disks.
I guess Jaden was here,
and it seems that he's
dueling everything and anything
that gets in his way.
But why would
Jaden be doing this?
I don't know.
We have to find him
and see if we can
stop this madness
before it's too late.
But we're going
to need some help,
and I just hope we can
find some in that camp.
Well, let's go
rescue some Duelists.
♪
There it is, Zane.
You got a plan?
Oh yeah.
We could sneak up to
the front of the prison
and then wait until all
of the guards fall asleep,
or we could just blast
our way through that gate
and not waste any time.
What do you think?
You have to ask?
I'm not the type of guy
who likes to wait around.
♪
(roaring)
Let's get our game on.
♪
So this is the last stronghold
that remains.
Come on now, put
your back into it.
We have to fortify these walls
before the Supreme
King's army arrives.
♪
(piercing sound)
Huh?
♪
What is it?
A reminder that I can't give up.
The Duelist in me still exists.
You were right.
I have to go help the
Maiden and her people.
♪
There's no time to waste.
I have to go where I'm needed.
Thank you, Syrus.
Keep moving.
We must prepare
the walls for battle.
♪
(fearful murmurs)
Please, just a little rest.
I've been digging all night.
Keep working!
If you want a break,
you'll get one
when the king sends you
to the stars.
I'm sorry.
♪
Please, I need
food for my children.
They're so hungry.
Unless you can duel,
you don't get a
single thing to eat.
Goodness me, what's happening?
Give it here.
We're all on the same side.
(grunting)
Get back.
Hey.
Huh?
Forget your manners?
(gasps)
You've come back!
Cease your fighting.
Huh?
The Maiden's right.
We must work as one.
If we don't, the forces
of darkness will attack
and destroy us all.
As the last free city,
human and monster alike
have banded together
to stop the Supreme King
and end his reign of darkness.
I'm a soldier.
These trenches will
not stop his army.
We need more Duelists
to guard the ramparts.
Please, I know what
I'm talking about.
Oh, really?
Perhaps you'd like to lead us.
After all, the fate of our world
should rest in the
hands of a stranger.
(laughing)
Let go!
♪
Something stinks here.
(evil laughter)
Did you see that?
I had them believing every word.
(evil laughter)
That's why I love humans.
They're so gullible.
With our defenses,
the city will be
ripe for the taking.
And of course the king
will reward us well.
We shall cover the world
in a veil of darkness.
(evil laughter)
The age of humans is over.
Just one problem.
What of the stranger?
He looks like the type
that will interfere.
True.
And to think, I thought
he was the brains here.
You.
That's quite the elaborate plan
you guys had goin'.
It's just too bad that
you'll never get to see
if it would have worked.
Now let's pick
that brain of yours
for some more info.
(maniacal laughter)
It's you!
Glad that you remember me,
human.
We cannot let him warn the rest.
Do not worry.
This coward won't tell anyone
what we have planned for
when the king arrives,
because if he dares,
then he'll have to duel us,
and he's much too
scared to do that.
You remember being
too scared, don't you?
Well then, you next?
♪
Ah!
You should have
seen him running away
like a frightened child.
Perhaps we should have
let him lead these people.
He could have taught them
all how to flee in terror.
So you plan to
save these people,
a displaced Duelist
who's afraid to duel?
Careful, he might
dash off screaming again.
You're more pathetic
than I ever imagined.
How do you even look at yourself
knowing that you
ran away afraid?
If you wouldn't
fight for your friend,
how will you fight
for these people?
(evil laughter)
♪
Look at them.
Ignorant little humans,
working with no idea
that their doom's
within their own gates,
and their one hope,
the only man with a
chance to save them,
is afraid.
Being afraid isn't a weakness.
It's the path you take
when you are.
Who told you that,
Grand Tiki Elder?
(laughing)
♪
Oh no.
And I've chosen my path.
I am not running.
I challenge you to a duel.
Excellent.
Once you're sent to the stars,
then the world will belong
to our Supreme King.
(evil laughter)
Duel!
♪